[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, everyone.
What's up?
It's Rob Dodson.
In today's episode
of Polycasts, I'm
going to show you how to
dynamically swap around
all the content in
your application using
the core pages element,
so check it out.
The hallmark of any
single-page application
is that it doesn't
refresh the page
as the user is navigating
to different sections.
So using the Polymer
site as an example,
you can see that, as I'm
clicking around the menu items,
all the content on
the page is just
sort of instantaneously
changing.
It makes the whole app have this
really nice, snappy feel to it.
Now there's a few ways that
you can achieve this effect.
The most basic, and the
one that I'll cover today,
involves showing and hiding
different bits of content that
are already available
on the page,
basically just telling
some to display
block and others
to display none.
There are other
strategies which include
using Ajax to go talk to your
server, grab some content,
and then inject that back into
the document or piping data
to templates that you already
have that are on the page
and then sort of inflating them.
All right.
I'm going to cover
these other two
techniques in future
episodes, but let's start off
with a really
simple example today
just switching some
sections on and off.
So here I am in Sublime,
and I've already
gone ahead and set up a
really simple project.
In my bower.json, I've
included the core elements
and installed everything to
my Bower Components directory.
So to get rolling, the
first thing I'm going to do
is open my elements HTML
file and add the core pages
elements so it gets imported.
Then in my index HTML file,
I'll write out a core pages tag,
and I'm going to give it
a selected attribute of 0.
I'm also going to go in and
set some kind of boilerplate
content up.
Now, the selected attribute
up here is really important,
and the way it works
is it basically
tells core pages which of
its children to display.
It's kind of like an
index on an array.
So this child right here
is going to be child 0,
this child is child 1, and this
section is going to be child 2.
Since I've set
selected equal to 1,
it's going to actually try
to render this portfolio
section down here.
If you hop on into Chrome
and refresh the page,
you should see that portfolio
content showing up right there.
But you're not limited
to using a numeric index.
If you give your
core pages element
a value attribute
instead, you can
select any child that
matches that value attribute.
I'm going to set value
attribute to data category.
This is an attribute that
I've just totally made up.
And I'm going to give
each of these sections
a matching data
category attribute.
Now, if I set my selected value
to contact, what that does
is it tells core pages to find
the child with a matching data
category of contact.
Looking through our
sections, we can
see that this one right
down here matches.
And so, when we hop over to
Chrome, refresh the page,
we should see our Contact
section is now displaying.
All right, so if you
recall in the last episode,
I wrapped all of my elements
in an auto-binding template
element.
Now, we can do the
same thing here
to connect our core
pages element to a menu.
Let's check it out.
All right, I've added a little
bit more markup to our page,
so, now we have a
core drawer panel.
It's holding all of our pages.
We also have header panels and
toolbars, a bunch of elements
that we've shown in
previous episodes.
And if you missed
those episodes,
we've got links to them
down in the show notes.
First thing I'm going
do is wrap everything
inside of an
auto-binding template,
so I'm going to use that is
equals auto-binding attribute,
grab all my content,
paste it inside there,
and also give my
template an ID of app,
so that way I can refer to
it later using JavaScript.
Next, I'm going to pop open
my elements HTML file and drop
in a core menu and
core items imports.
And back in my index file,
I'll write out a core menu
and populate it with
items that match
all of our page categories.
Now comes the magic moment.
Because core menu and core pages
extend the same common parent
called core selector,
it means they
can both take advantage
of value attribute.
I'm going to give
each of my core items
a data category that matches
the core page's data categories,
and I can set my selected
value equal to a scope
variable, which I'm just going
to make up and call page.
Then I can go down to
my core pages section
and give it a scope variable
for its selected value,
also called page.
And now, in effect, I've
linked these two elements,
my menu to my pages.
If I hop open to Chrome
and refresh the page,
you'll see that as I'm
clicking my menu items,
it's also updating
the page content.
To set a default page,
I'm going to select
the auto-binding template
in my app JS file
and give it an initial
value for its page variable.
I'll just go ahead and
set page equal to home.
Now when I set up
my application,
it's displaying the
home page by default.
All right, now
that you can change
between the different
states in your application
using core pages, you
can start to think
about adding additional
things like routing.
That's exactly what we're going
to cover in the next episode,
so be sure to subscribe.
Definitely leave
comments down below
to let us know what you think.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I will see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]